Literally nobody on this sub has provided any TA today, so let me intervene, the master.
Everyone talking about the 1D golden cross, which is when the 50SMA crosses the 200SMA, we haven't actually crossed yet, but will see the cross in less than 10 hours.
Here's a pic showing the cross, I've also highlighted the previous golden cross. The last cross before the one we are about to see in a few hours was on the 23rd of April 2019, and if you use your eyes properly, you can see that although it is lagging indicator, it confirms the trend and in this sample, BTC saw a big sell off straight after the cross, followed by a move from $5100 to $13800.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/kDtkl204/
Looking at past golden crosses, we usually see a big correction around the time of the cross followed by a few days of consolidation, followed by a continuation of the trend higher. If history rhymes, it would mean we have either painted the low yesterday, or are close to a low to be painted over the coming 1-5 days.
And what do you bloody know, the 1D Stoch RSI entered oversold territory yesterday, and is now curling UP. https://www.tradingview.com/x/Nm3HVX4B/
You might be asking me, who cares?
The last time 1D Stoch RSI was oversold, we bottomed at 8200, the time before that....we bottomed at 6850.....and it entered oversold again yesterday. What does that signal, I wonder?
You might also notice 1D RSI has recharged and is back down to 52, which looking at past history is around the area RSI resets towards in a bullish trending market.
In general, the technicals signal we are nearing a bottom, before moving back up. And what if we move up from here? We would technically be potentially painting a huge fucking Cup and handle, with a target of $14550.
I've been following a few bears on Twitter...Majin and *[requested name be deleted]*mainly, and what were once good TA'ers have turned into monkeys all the way up, producing no technical reasoning for the hugely bearish bias. I wonder why.....it's because the technicals are quite literally in favour of the bulls from a longer term perspective from here, and that doesn't fit their bias so they won't post it.
A lot of Twitter folks are bearish or of mixed sentiment, and this fall from 10500 to 9400 has caused the bears to get euphoric and start throwing and smothering shit on themselves and others. To me that's another signal that it's near time to buy the dip, along with a longer term signal that we may still be in the disbelief stage of what is now a longer term bull market, support by the Golden Fekkin Cross of Jesus. Now if only I was paid for my delicious insights.
I am literally BEGGING for some bearish TA, because I can find very little, apart from monkey shit flinging bears on twitter who produce garbage supported by very little TA.
Good insight, thank you.
Good ducking work, thought of posting a correlation of past PA around golden crosses to highlight why our current PA isn’t that concerning but was too goddamn lazy.
Well done sir.
Something something FED something something DEFI blah blah the REAL bitcoin.
Thank you.
You know when I look at it objectively this seems like one of the "healthiest" uptrends I've ever seen btc do in the past few years.
Funding and sentiment has been such a misleading statistic given that when simply looking at PA, this is actually one of the slowest uptrends we've had since $3.3-4.2k
I actually can't find another rally since 2017 where btc retested every resistance as support on the way up ?
Anyway, I'm unsure where this goes next. Really seems like up, but $10180 possibly flipped into resistance. Need to see if we can break above or not next day or two
https://tradingview.com/x/nTRfvDkL
Some fun lines
the near 14k run felt completely unreal. and it was. this is great. 2 steps forward, 1 step back, rinse wash repeat.
Yeah that run last year was like “hmm wtf”. This is more believable
Seeing nice consolidation right now. Wouldn't surprise me to wake up tomorrow morning to yet another leg up and potential Short squeeze in the 10500 range. All of the indicators are pointing to more upside at the moment.
And hopefully that trend will continue. Satoshi never meant it as a get rich scheme [I dont think].
Look at it.
LOOK
E: 200 and 50 MA on the Daily crossing over is generally a big deal, it's crossing to the bullish side which means bullish sentiment is bullish for bulls which is good for the bulls to make money on upwards bullish movements.
To everyone here, DO NOT SHORT THIS MARKET! Buy the dips and manage your risk
https://www.tradingview.com/x/julPKhtn/
I usually hate these 'its like every other time' or 'fractal' arguments but in this case thats pretty compelling and I agree for a whole host of other reasons and signals. At least for the next few weeks.
Its good when various techniques come to the same conclussion.
Ah, the Chinese Dragon pattern
Let them lose their money. Shorting when every major timeframe is bullish is just a low IQ, and low probability play. They’re just making life harder on themselves.
Current behavior is clearly different from some weeks ago. Buying the dip seems like a great strategy at the moment.
The more people do it, the more the trend accelerates. Interesting times ahead.
Oh how they try to shake us off...
But the dead inside never let go.
That's our secret.
What is dead will never die ?
Bitcoin 2020
This bounce back has been pretty fucking glorious, honestly. This is what a bull market feels like; a dump attempt getting bought right back up in a few days time.
Also going to consider trading this market once more, although I'm conflicted.
If this correction was a dish it would be an organic seafood and spinach salad with brocolli, kale, avocado and extra garlic. That's how healthy it is.
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
Sounds more like a pretty bad diarrhoea a few hours after, just like this PA
LOL.. this sub is still fun sometimes.
And just like this correction, I’ve got significantly less money after it.
I have less money but more coins;)
This train's about to leave the station boys. Get your tickets or be left behind!
Long from 9745.50 so please don't flip sentiment straight after me making a contrarian bet! ;D
Seeing liquidity at 9700, then hearing bearish sentiment after it was eaten, with spot buys coming in, was good enough for me.
Liquidity is more dried out now and sentiment flipping so guess we go sideways.
The market forgot to be bearish, I guess. Let's keep commenting and maybe it'll remember.
You must be new to crypto. It often forgets to be both bearish and bullish. Up and down, back and forth, is the best way for those who move the market to profit from the market.
And it makes it excellent for traders as well. I love this goofy volatility.
Nice rebound and the current bull run may have some life left in it.
I got lucky af -- my GBTC buy order executed this morning and I'm up 7% or so on that already, plus the contribution to my IRA was enough to put me into a lower tax bracket.
Anybody trading for little piker gains is dumb at this point. If you bought and held since $3200, you're up 300 percent. You'd have to get a 10% gain on 30 trades to get that kind of return, and you'd be complicating your tax picture and gaining a lot of stress. Not worth it. There are times when trading makes sense. This is not one of them. Just buy the dips and hodl until the blow-off top at $380K or so late next year.
PS -- I expect to see capitulation on the short side somewhere just north of $10.5K. We're going to zoom right up past 11K.
So you barely saved any money by going to a lower tax bracket considering we have progressive taxation vs. a contribution without the tax bracket change.
$380k seems pretty lofty.
S2F puts us at 37k-370k, if you're a subscriber.
$70-$80k is my estimate for a late 2021 blowoff.
That'll just be the first round of longs taking profit.
380k sounds about right by my estimates. I wouldn't sell there though. Sure, you can open a short on the way down from next ATH. Should be another ~70% drop for the next bear market that you can profit off enormously, but don't ever sell the corn.
Even the optimistic stock-to-flow proponents will only predict something "approaching $100K" by the end of 2021.
Somewhere, John McAfee opens a small wooden box and removes his severed slim jim, sliding it under his nose like a fine cigar.
"Soon, my sweet..."
Username makes post
Congratulations, you earned it dude! Thanks for all your cheerleading and advice man.
e: 3200 hodl'r here
Last chance to buy below $10k! Lmao, I think I said this last year and was totally wrong, but it was mostly for echoing the choir that day.
Well, someone will eventually be right
It was this guy, this time. He did it, the crazy son of a bitch, he finally did it.
Golden Cross no impact they said...bye bears, we will wave you from the moon.
tbh, at this point, i don't know what the moon is anymore.
6 digits.
that's what i feel like it is
First we gotta stop and refuel at the space station at $20k
Apparently the FCoin exchange that was "closing down" is actually exit scamming, with its cold wallet btc being sent to the usual suspects: OkEx, Huobi, etc.
You'd think there would be a massive boycott of these exchanges but I guess people don't care about discouraging scams. This comment will probably be downvoted because it's not about how btc or alts will pump to the stratosphere, but it's pretty fucked up just how much btc ended up in the hands of scammers.
If you were around last year, literally nobody knew about PlusToken, yet this one scam managed to accumulate 200,000+ btc... over 1% of the maximum possible supply of bitcoin, more if you factor in lost coins.
Do any of you remember those HYIP scams? So-called High Yield Investment Programs which were discussed on large forums, with people piling in to "invest" their e-gold in scams offering 1%-5% daily?
The crypto space seems to be turning into something similar.
I vaguely remember topics where "investors" were discussing a certain program and everyone was praising the "admin" as long as the scam kept paying. Good admin, great admin, best admin, the thread was full of mindless posts like this and when anyone dared question the program, the status quo response was that hey... it's paying, so it must be legit.
The same principle seems to be applying to crypto now.
Replace "paying" with "pumping" and as long as a certain coin is pumping, literally nobody cares. Same mindless cheerleading comments, same stupid money involvement... gives me goosebumps.
If you never heard about HYIPS (used to be a big enough "niche" a decade or so ago), you probably don't relate to all of this, maybe I'm the only one who still remembers them...
No, it's getting better. There have been many scams from the very beginning.
Anyone wanna buy some Bitcoin Savings & Trust? Asking for pirateat40.
Hahaha exactly. :)
The entire crypto market is pumping right now.
Here come the Bulls.
Watching 10k resistance closely if we breach it in the next hour. Would be a great spot for Bears to ambush the price, but if we approach it and consolidate in the 9900 range for a few hours, I like our chances of breaking it for good.
At that point, if we close the weekly candle above 10k, I think it would be safe to say goodbye to 4-digit BTC.
I disagree with the post. Someone should remind me in three months about it.
I think it's very clear that, shortly before the halving, we will see a decline back to $9000 or $9800. Every coin peaks about a month or two before the halving, so at most, we have one more strong push before a downturn that lasts a few months.
Where do you think it will top out at prior to the halving? I have us topping out at the 26-28k range, and expect a multi-month pullback to the 15k range which would be a 50% retrace.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/vtFQYD6t/
I'd say that we either already saw the top, and the bear market does not break, or there is one more push upward to something like $11,500, which would at least show the bear market from last June is at an end.
I disagree with your chart because you're basing the end date as the halving date. The halving bubbles have always hit their peaks one (and now two, with BCH) months in advance. I expect that bitcoin will begin crashing around March 15-30.
If you’re not long, you’re wrong.
It's like they say: It ain't wrong to long.
Got margin-called again at 9800.
Instead of devestation I basically feel an enhanced version of post-nut clarity when it comes to trading.
Closed 23 tabs of different chart patterns after it happened?
Name checks out
Well dip me in some chicken grease and squirt me out. We really are going to 10k aren't we? LMAO! Good thing about being out of position is that I can go about my day.
All you guys that held your longs at ~9500, congratulations. You're in the green.
I actually exited my position after we broke the 21ema on the daily between 9500 and 9600. That was my premise and thus my stop loss hit. It hurts quite a bit now, seeing btc going up again. But well, sometimes you win, sometimes you loose and if you don't define your exits and entries beforehand, you'll always loose. Time to refocus and see if an other opportunity presents itself.
Exactly, Well put. There will always be another solid entry.
Well done, even though it wasn't profitable.
My stops are in the green :) I too can go about my day now. I was sad when I saw you close out. But it was an uncertain edge so figured you may be right.
It may still dip below 9,500, but man does it feel good to have a large order I put in 2 nights ago execute at 9,510. Feels like I timed the bottom of the current dip almost perfectly
Always so much nicer to hear about people making money on these moves rather than getting slaughtered.
You're not alone. I hit almost all of my targets on several coins. It honestly makes me nervous how predictable this dip was. This market is rarely this giving.
historically when BTC has a golden cross (50 day crossing the 200) the price has gone up 197% within the year. i think things are going to get very crazy by May.
yes. long hair dont care about it being a lagging indicator. the historical trend shows such strong correlation / good trend.
When we do eventually pull back for consolidation on the lower time frames, I'll be watching closely to see how 10k holds up as support. I expect a breach of 10100 before that happens, however.
This is shaping up to be a cigar & a whiskey kind of day.
You got your breach.
So that was a way to get over 10k in a hurry
And then back under, and then back over, and then back under, and then back over once more!
The gravity well is real! We're in a tight orbit around 10k :D
This could set up to be one of the bigger moments for btc history if you ask me.
Same dude, literally 5 hours ago:
To now...
You guys crack me up lmao.
Post deleted in 3.. 2.. 1..
The bigger moments for all of human history. I expect immediate hyperbitcoinisation upon crossing $10200.
( ?° ?? ?°) go on...
You must be new here!
That quick recovery from $9.4k was extremely bullish in my mind. The fact that we have been slowly grinding up since the December IH&S gives me a lot of confidence that this bullish trend will continue for some time. Bulls seems strong, bears seem weak. Trend is your friend.
Good luck out there gents.
Was that a golden cross?
Golden crosses forming on the daily charts across alts and BTC. Just get ready for the mega dildos very soon.
I use 50 and 200. Golden cross happened on 31st Jan. What are you using?

https://www.tradingview.com/x/7HX1w5J0
Alcohol mostly
That’s EMA (Exponential Moving Average), I’m guessing he’s using simple MA for a 50/200 cross.
Ah! Gotcha.
Just noticed something with your EMA indicator. It's possible to colour the crosses.
Something like this:
My feeling is this is going to keep whipsawing, because every quick moves seems to give the winning side a ton of confidence. People seem to be overleveraging and the volatility is wrecking stops and liquidation levels.
Crossing 10k really has emotional impact every time it happens.
Exactly.
A 25X long from $10,250 has a liquidation price of $9,905 -- which is where we were less than 6 hours ago! Without meme'ing can anybody say, with relative confidence, that we're not going to re-visit these levels in the short-term future? I doubt it.
If nothing else, this volatility is just feeding pro desks "that sweet supple virgin retail order flow".
Gold prices are driven by paper gold supply and order books because all order book based trading in gold is in these paper gold based exchanges. Therefore spot gold is forced to take a cue from this supressable paper gold market.
Not so much in Bitcoin where spot markets are efficient and can be physically settled. I think paper bitcoin prices won't be able to wag the spot as much as it happens in gold markets.
If you’ve been around this sub long enough, you should know The Paper Boys run the show. ?
Closed my x10 leveraged long at $10198 from $9670 for some healthy profits...moved up to fast. We will test $10k-$9.9k and I will see if that holds to re enter
Nice trade!
Yeah, exiting my longs. I’ve seen this kind of PA before and it isn’t good for longs.
edit: For disclaimer: It would not at all surprise me if this pumped north of 10k. It's just this kind of PA is not my style of trading. It's easy to get roped into the chops and then get slowly squeezed out of position. This is what it feels like to me.
4H so far looks exactly like bottoming process on January 24-25 to me.
Could be. I am not at all disagreeing, It’s just a little to risky right now for me.
My original plan of laddering longs in lower 9ks felt good at first. But now looking wobbly to me. It’s ok for me to miss a rally I’m ok with waiting for a more suitable entry.
dropped all longs since 10300 and not looking back. things are very, very fragile, no buying action at all now.
I hear you there. Going to wait for a bit but might exit market completely if we don’t start showing signs of strength.
Just imagine not buying this dip...
Diydude2 was posting in favour of short near the bottom... enough said!
The big CME gap is about to be filled. I think many people got out of their short positions when that huge gap showed up. If downtrend is to resume, it would be right around now.
This is the first CME gap post I've ever up voted. Bullish! It's going to continue up.
Where is the gap
The gap was between the 14th and 15th of February. The daily candle close on the 14th was around 10300 with the lower wick at 10200. The 15th opened at 9975. Quite a big gap.
Good spot to pause and recharge. Hoping we see a skitter under 10.1 for a bit now. That gives us a much better shot at breaking orbit past 10.5. We'll see but Im pretty happy with the setup. Stops are moved up to even higher profits so I really dont care what happens now Im in the money.
EDIT: if we end up skittering under 10k that is a bit odd. I'll have to watch carefully. 10k became a 'thing' this most recent time. Before that it was almost universally 10.1 that mattered. Lets see if we curve up towards 10.1 from here. If so we're probably good. Otherwise, well.. make sure you have some happy stops setup.
EDIT 2: did a soup to nuts eval of the situation just to see how I feel about this 10k play zone. Im fine with it. I dont think itll matter at all. Its just a dynamic based on shorter time frames from what I can tell. I doubt we'll last here through the hour. Oh shit its already cleared it while I was typing. Damn always like to say shit like this RIGHT before it happens... not after.
I'd rather we just rocket straight to 12000 in 42 minutes and then come back down to like 11000 or something, but you do you man.
I mean... I wouldnt be sad if that happened. I would be if it happened over night while I slept.
Gotta set those limit orders man.
Post halving uptrend began near immediately and in full throttle a month after 2012 halving in end Nov.
In 2016, took about 3 months post halving in July before uptrend took hold.
What factors should be considered to estimate when uptrend takes hold this time after May halving? Looks reasonable to expect action within 2020 if past is to go by.
These pretend dumps must be really weeding out the weak hands...
As the old saying goes: don't be sad that you didn't buy the dip even though you knew it would recover, be glad you didn't sell because you thought it would go down.
Me right now
Euphoria is fading away in this sub. I think that’s a good thing.
Well this sub is either euphoria or doom and gloom lmao
Hey look! Its back.
The Chinese keep stimulating to fend off global downturn due to the dos equis virus and all that fresh money is going straight into equities and creating massive price appreciation across the board.
Even my really stable and boring REIT ETF just hit all time highs in a sudden parabolic move ($VNQ). Gold looks like it wants to burst throught $1,600 and it just might with this much money out there. I can only imagine that this cash will find its way into crypto...? Hopefully!
Coinbase fees make small trades on margin not worth doing
Fees anywhere usually makes that the case, not just Coinbase.
Hit a 20x long from 9880 while in a meeting at work. Impulsive trade but glad it's so far working out.
Stops at B/E.
Almost want to run no stops but don't wanna throw away my gains from the weekend so have to run a bit of capital preservation in my trades.
My $9670 long is looking pretty sweet right now
Thanks for this insightful post
You're very very very not welcome
you're pretty sweet
Yum yum
Your mum is sweet
I'm curious about peoples' expectations regarding the descending trendline from ATH (red line). Part of me expects strong resistance there (and possibly even on its lower linear version).
https://www.tradingview.com/x/4x9e72yT/
However, I also remember how I expected the same in 2019, around May 10, when we approached the previous bear-market support-turned resistance line (shown in blue) from below after our drop down to ~3k. But around May 10 (2019), we went through it like butter, while I had sold quite a bit of my coins in anticipation of stiff resistance.
So, this time I am planning to sell only a fraction of my coins as we approach the decreasing trendline from ATH, in order not to bet all-or-nothing on either outcome.
Other opinions?
I think probabilistic logic is paramount here. manage your portfolio accordingly, to the degree you're happy with your exposure. If you're in a winning position, you'll never get hurt by taking some profit.
https://old.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/f52v3z/daily_discussion_monday_february_17_2020/fhyp5ne/
If you take a look at BCH's chart, it almost seems like it is sketching out BTC's future. Remember that BCH's halving date is about a month before BTC. Until Jan. 18 (84 days before halving for BCH), BCH went on a smooth run from around 180 dollars to 380 dollars (100% increase) without much difficulty. At the 84th day, BCH began to correct for about 10 days where it went down to 310 dollars. This 84th day correction before halving is right on the money for BTC's correction from 10500 dollars. And then, it proceeded to go up and probably peaked at around 54 days before halving (which is the same time as LTC's peak (55 days for LTC) in last year's LTC halving).
So if BTC traces similar pattern to BCH, this thing will correct for a couple of more days before jumping up.
BCH is totally irrelevant compared to BTC
I'd claim BCH's halving is not relevant, given the very low hashrate of BCH. It's barely a pet project of some miners, who likely are holding the mined BCH already.
There is one major thing you didn't account for, the hashrate.
BCH's hashrate is very small compared to BTC's. I believe there will be miner capitulation for BCH and BSV between their halving and BTC halving, because miners just automatically switch to mine the most rewarding chain which will likely be BTC (before the BTC halving). But can't know for sure, because this is the first time of such extraordinary event happening in the cryptospace. Only after the BTC halving occurs, it will normalize for BCH and BSV too.
Wondering if this will be the push that jumps up to 10k. We're very close but 'close' could be 8-16 hours the way I read things.
EDIT: Guys - Im not very good at this ;P
This can be the push that jumps all the way to 11k by end of week.
Im watching for that too. The last run had that feeling of euphoria so I could see it boiling over this time. We've gotten enough press that the mildly attentive are now watching very closely which helps fuel the fire. Personally, I'd rather it cruise up there and just slip through the down trend quietly so we can keep grinding up, but we're not in that kind of market right now. Those quiet builds are the ones that historically start the ATH runs. I think we need a big 'scare the fuck out everyone pull back' before we get that grind.
It could be minutes away
Lol, guess so. Lets see how 10k plays.
Don’t we have muh CME gap to fill upwards?
There's now one at 10200 as well as 11200 11800.
quite the 1 minute candle there
Yeah it's almost like the pros know there's liquidity there....
Well... that stupid fucking theory seems to be holding true.
We may skitter across 9.8 for a bit, see our first approach for a sample, and that would be just fine as long as its the diminishing bouncing ball upwards. Though I already see books moving further up (stacking at 10.1+ even which is pretty rare honestly - do they know something about liquidation cascades I dont?).
I've adjusted stops where I pay my fees in profit and maintain a sufficiently wide enough real stop to avoid any fuckery. I think we're in a good place for continuation and I look forward to taking large profits. First target is a real pull back off 10.1 using stops. If they trigger, yay money, and re position to grab a few bucks on the pull back. Then onward to see how we fair at 10.5 and maybe beyond.
I still see 10.8 as fairly serious place to examine. I'll probably just take profits there if we get that far and start from scratch with a new trade. If we rocket past and I miss the big boy jump I'll be sad, but I'll be ready to start preping to short anyways so I can make it on the way back down (b/c that would likely be the blow off). If I really fuck up and we go to 14k or some shit from there, well thats the risk you take, I'll still be sitting on big stack of profits.
Are you saying 10.8k is too big of a resistance to overcome and that’ll be the top?
Are you saying 10.8k is too big of a resistance to overcome and that’ll be the top?
I'm saying if we break it on this run we've ended the down move from 20k (the exact line is why I need to reexamine bc I'm not sure). But yeah generally that area keeps us in the big triangle and would be a very reasonable pivot point. Exact price depends on how you draw it and when we get there but that price is in my notes 'pay fucking attention'.
Cant believe we were below 2 supports yesterday and on our way lower, and today I'm waking up to 9.8k
Could this really be it for the correction? 11k test is next? Lol
Maybe now people will think twice before dumping under $10,000
Stops hit. Maybe a bit too tight there. But Im so in the money I dont really care. I'll look for another entry and maybe gain a bit on that gap if it falls low. A good day.
The 10k gravity well seems to be on still
This still looks good for quite a bit of upside. If anyone sees a reason to expect downside please leave a comment. I actually went through and tried to do a counter case to my long and see if I could find a reason I should short here but came back with relatively little.
For now I'll observe PA but if we recharge here for a bit, w/ the daily, 4h, 12h about to close looking pretty good, Im leaning towards upward motion and will likely get back in.
What am I missing though?
No good reason to short here unless you're thinking this is just a lower high of a new downtrend but I doubt it. Hidden bull div on the daily, I think the rest of this week will be fun.
Im not really interested in shorting at this point. But I like to contra-case any strongly held belief to see if it holds up. Everything is screaming more up... just worried Im being biased or blind.
It was a good day. I want to check my exuberance carefully.
Only thing worrying me is the sentiment & bitmex funding - bulls are on parade but it doesn't necessarily mean they're wrong, be careful of lightsaber wicks downwards.
Wow, glum in here this morning...
Remember, we are still up 40% from the recent bottom, with halving less than 90 days away.
This sub will talk about the halving even if BTC dropped back to $3000.
Don't base your entire trade strategy off of a 2 data point event that hasn't been tested at higher price points. Take price action for what it is.
Not gloom, just reality. Markets test both resistances and supports, and now it's time to see if some of those supports are worth anything
If 9100 holds we'll get that infamous cup and handle, so drink that hopium and let's hope we see 12k next month
Grayscale Investment Trust investor call has some good information and overview of bitcoin today. Goes into Halvening at 29:00.
https://grayscale.co/view-investor-call-february-2020/
Interesting tidbit: Consensus 2020 will be happening right around the halvening. Will this be a big hype event helping fuel price appreciate or a sell the news event?
I'm not saying, to maximize profits.
I asked my local witch what she thinks about this cme-gap-meme and she said "Don't be ridiculous, this CME-gap is pure quackery! Now go eat your fried-frog-balls." I trust her, she's never wrong.
Which witch?
Consolidating and forming higher lows since the 10250 blow off. Think we move again in about 12 hours. Thoughts?
20k here we come?
Hmm, I think that's scheduled for next year...
Will close my long yesterday at around 10050
https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/f52v3z/daily_discussion_monday_february_17_2020/fhx02dj/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
+24% shouldnt be that bad, if we blast through then I’ll reassess but I’m expecting some sort of rejection when we hit the 4h ichimoku (probably to retest 9800 but meh I could be wrong). Not to worried to miss this run on BTC though since my long on shitcoin xrp is 3x more profitable and the chart looks too ripe for some serious breakout. We’ve had the absurd pumps on other shitcoins (bch, bsv) so just waiting for the whales to pump this one too lmao. Still a nice bounce for BTC on the bottom channel of the current uptrend, daily and weekly RSI got some sort of relief, definitely betting on a weekly close high 10ks.
Damn, that doesn't look too bad so far.
What kind of trading patterns are currently visible? I recall someone showing a 30 day trading cycle from one whale where you could estimate they were using a large loan to buy bitcoin then suppress the market down over a month time span, always repeating itself on the 30 day mark.
Any other current cyclical patterns people are aware of and use as signals?
Please tell me this is an exchange address.
https://twitter.com/BtcBlockBot/status/1229753961722368001?s=20
https://twitter.com/bitfinex/status/1224006498126385154
Bitfinex's cold wallet look at this tweet
Disappointing to see the price sagging this morning. I'd hoped we had found the bottom of this retrace at 9600. Looks like 9400 support will get tested. I've hit all of my targets on the pull back, so will continue to watch and reassess based on the response from buyers at that level.
Some might say you're a NotEuphoricSoul this morning
Last time we had a death cross when out of nowhere the xi pump started.
This time we have a golden cross right when binance closed usdt and busd lending.
Are we going to dump ? What fuckery is ahead of us this time?
Im watching the potential head and shoulders on the h graph, right shoulder could be formed at 10200 if we dont blast trough

https://www.tradingview.com/x/3nvM33dj/
That is one desperate looking H&S.
Lol so did the CME gap just get filled? ?
The gap in my bank account sure as hell did.
Somebody's gap got filled.
By a sizable?
A sizable bgd!
Hodler since 2016 and for the first time I tried Bybit. I just wanted to mess around. Something I don't understand is when people post things like "10x long 9800",how do we know how much money they are risking/will make/will lose?
We don't know. The "10x" is worthless info, but they like to include it.
It's not worthless. It tells you the price they'll be liquidated at and their % returns/losses, even if we don't know the full size of the bet.
But you can use isolated margin, so it is really useless. You can 10x $1 and say 10x. And then you can 1x $1,000,000 and say 1x. Without the contract size or at least % of portfolio risked on trade, it's completely meaningless
All it tells us is their stop, and someone's stop is nearly useless information. ????
