https://i.imgur.com/Tm7O1i2.jpg
5.67% drop 2 days after the last Golden Cross before going to $13.7k.
5.79% drop 2 days after this Golden Cross.
Hopefully history repeats itself.
Nice look. 216, singularity is inevitable anyway
But this time it’s different
Glad you guys are catching up, even if 2 weeks too late

My plan remains the same. We will have a proper bull run when log support gets close to previous ATH, similar to previous bull runs, some macro charts:
https://www.tradingview.com/x/oKbSt2nf/
Before the actual bull run there will likely be a pre-bull run rally (red arrows) which get uncomfortably close to previous ATH, something like 18-19k, break down, and then on next try ATH is breached and we detach from log support:
https://www.tradingview.com/x/HDWWxIsw/
Until then, for the next 12 months or so every rally like this one will return to log support.
A graph showing the duration of every bull run. 2 years -- 3 years -- 4 years...
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ERE6r2qX0AAGaEI.png
We are currently 1.5 years in, and we have 3 years to fill with some hairy "2 steps forwards, 1 step back" rallies. So stop screaming bull run on every rise


As a bonus this fractal I have been watching -- for fun: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/XBT/BBp2p7e3-BTC-fractal-from-jan-feb-2017/
Slow rise to 9.7-9.9k then drop. I cannot imagine another bart up
harsh probable event to accept. the question is, based on that log line support and where we are in the time line, what is the lowest that price can hit moving forward? or to put it more pessimistically, at what price in the ensuing months would the support be broken. log lines always make it too hard to see these values eye-balling it.
Currently in low 7k range and will be around there for a few months. It gets to 8k mid apr, depending on how you draw the line.
This has been the op’s position for quite some time now. There are far too many outside factors to take this for an accurate prediction of future assessment. For example: Geopolitical, traditional markets and other factors such as the psychological anticipation of halving can outride mere fractals and TA indicator’s as we have seen in the past. I really appreciate the op’s analysis but I don’t put a lot of weight into anyone predicting BTC value months and months out.
Weather is semi accurate 3 days out, anything beyond 4 days is a mere coin flip for an actual prediction. This is no different imo.
Support(d) = Exp(0.2135*Sqrt(d - 40445) - 3.625)
d - number of days since 01. Jan 1900
https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/cvz6by/daily_discussion_tuesday_august_27_2019/ey8f84j/
Agree with the general macro premise, disagree with the main horizontal resistance/confirmation point being the prior ATH.
Look at the first triangle in your macro chart. It didn't treat the previous ATH as resistance at all. The run was already in and it was already in parabolic mode by the time it broke through the previous all time high.
And in the second triangle while there was some resistance at $1000, there was MUCH more resistance around $750. After breaking through that $750 turned to support, so you'd have been much better off longing there than at the old 1k ATH.
In short, I would draw the horizontal resistance closer to 70%-75% of ATH, something like this:
https://www.tradingview.com/x/5N1UifN8/
Putting our real resistance at 13.5-14k. 20k should offer some resistance too as you surmise, but not as much as 14k has already stopped us.
I can make an argument that 2nd bull run started a month or two too early, which is why it ended up looking weird like that, with a huge pause in-between
It looks like two bull runs merged into one
Watch this shit jump straight back up
Classic accumulation fuckery
Honestly, could go either way.
We’re at a key moment here (as we always are, etc and so forth, your mileage may vary, I know nothing, etc etc...)
The next two weeks will be critical.
Before any gains crypto leads you through a period of max pain. You earn your money through either trading the rallies or HODL and wade through the pain. Only after a period of max pain can another true bull market start.
2015: 1.2K => 200
2018: 20K => 3.1K
2019: 14K => 6.5K
Which "max pain" are you talking about? I sure hope not the - 6% we saw yesterday...
One of these things is not like the others
Correct, 2015 didn't see any +$1k prices
2+ years have not been easiest to follow, specially for my alt holdings.
How many pain years do you estimate it is necessary to eventually see some gainzzz, kind sir?
4 maximum, I'd say. Minimum of 1.
About 2 weeks
In late 2013 BTC went from 200 to 1200. It would not hit 1200 again until 2017.
And there is the concept that bull cycles get further and further apart based on the cycles so far. So...it's too early right now based on historical trend.
There's a lot of misdirected discussion about the halving. I've been trolling a lot on it because nobody wants to listen to logic, but I'll take a momentary break to speak directly:
Price is found at the intersection of supply and demand. Most of the time bitcoiners are (correctly) focused on the demand side when thinking about price discovery. There simply isn't much to talk about on the supply side; it's very stable and predictable. The distribution rate was built into the protocol on day 0. This is like bitcoin 101.
However, the demand side is extremely hard to predict or fully understand. This makes it exciting but can also be frustrating. There are legitimate arguments ranging from runaway demand and ballooning prices, to decaying demand leading to low prices. And everywhere in between. It can get exhausting.
Enter the halving. Finally something more concrete to talk about! The halving reduces supply, and less supply means higher prices... economics 101. What a relief to finally agree on something, right?
The problem is that it just doesn't matter much. Remember what I said at the start: "There simply isn't much to talk about on the supply side. It's very stable and predictable." This is still true and has always been true. If the supply were ACTUALLY interesting (as in unstable and unpredictable), bitcoin would have never gotten beyond the $0.001 range.
Demand is what dictates the price in this market. It doesn't matter whether the halving is "priced in" or not - that debate doesn't even make sense. The halving was priced in from day 1 when speculators said "Wow, a predictable supply for an asset could be very valuable in a world of governments inflating their money supply."
Bottom line, the halving is most likely a significant price-discovery event, but not because of the impact it has on the supply. Only because of the impact it has on the demand. The only impact of significance the halving may have is whether or not more it will make people want to buy more and at higher prices. Maybe it will be perceived as a good thing because it again reaffirms the scarcity, one of the fundamentals aspects of bitcoin's design. Or maybe it will be perceived as a bad thing because the market is grasping at tired arguments to find demand pressure. Nobody really knows.
The concrete argument of "reduced supply, increased prices" sound convincing and is comfortably consumed, which is why it has become so popular and led to memes like S2F as we approach the halving. But bitcoin is and has always been a demand-driven market. The halving is just another demand-shock, like all the other demand shocks over the years. Its impact is just as unpredictable as any other sentiment-driven event in this space. Maybe it sucks to realize this, but it's generally better to accept the truth and proceed accordingly rather than stick your head into the sand.
Alright that's it. Don't panic, just downvote and flame away and before you know it we'll be right back to trolling and comfortably putting our hands over our ears.
You aren’t supporting your argument with facts or numbers.
Common misconception here. The halving does not reduce supply, it reduces the rate that the supply increases. After the halving, there will still be a supply of 18M+ BTC, the only difference is that the rate at which that number grows is halved. This is not a reduction in supply, it’s a reduction in inflation.
Well yes but we also know a % of issued coins is always being sold (supply) by miners depending on where they are in the hardware cycle.
This argument is often made regarding the halving’s effect on supply. While there is a lot of truth to it, it doesn’t mean that the wealthiest wallets can’t/won’t sell their coins. I’m not saying that will happen, nor am I trying to make an argument that the halving will not have a positive impact on the price, i just want to clarify the correct use of terminology :)
No, sorry you do not understand what is supply and what is demand in economics. It is not that easy to understand after all.
Supply is just a curve that says at this or that price people will sell this or that amount. That is it. Nothing more. Supply is not like overall amount of certain goods in stock. This "supply" is not how word "supply" is used in economics.
I hope I am as polite as possible. Your argument in the end that the wealthies can/will send the coins is correct, but you can not argue with supply here.
Also economics come with some interesting idea of short-term supply (or short-run supply) and long-term supply. Maybe you want to look for that. Anyways the price is determined by the short term supply and not the long term supply according to the economics.
Wouldn’t that be a reduction of inflation? Cutting the rate of new supply entering the market
You’re right, I’ve corrected my post. Writing from mobile :/
I believe you mean a reduction in inflation?
BTC supply = issuance + people willing to sell.
BTC demand = people willing to buy.
Neither the supply or demand are predictable. It's dynamic and always shifting.
That's not how equilibrium works tho. Supply doesn't exist in a vacuum. Equilibrium is defined as the intersection of supply with demand. Equilibrium(represented in the market as price) is the dependent variable. Changing one or more independent variables (supply /demand ) will undoubtedly impact equilibrium.
Market efficiency or Pricing in is the idea that you can adjust one of the variables (demand) precisely accounting for the future yet to be determined variance in supply efficiently and accurately reaching the expected equilibrium point at future date.
This can be modeled modeled of course and the most accurate model to date is s2f. S2f actually shows bitcoin market isn't efficient at all in pricing in expected changes to supply variable.
In efficient markets maybe but they don't exist. In the real world, speculation comes in. Speculation that prices will be much higher, prices will be much lower, and don't forget good ole market manipulation for quick profits.
Look at something that's more difficult to flip than crypto - gold or oil. Look at their prices, particularly in the 2000s - and tell me the demand has skyrocketed and collapsed so quickly.
There's always speculators that drive up prices. Crypto is just easier to manipulate. Look at yesterday's price action - it didn't take long for millions to change the markets by billions. Someone made a lot of money, someone lost a lot of money, and others took on better long-term positions going into the halving.
What you're saying is largely true, but I think we all know that we're analyzing future demand, we know the supply.
What I expect to happen is exactly what happened the last two halvings. Nothing has changed, the market hasn't learned a damned thing because half the participants are new. Most people buying bitcoin in the next year or so don't even know what the halving is and don't care. So of course it's not "priced in". They'll be buying bitcoin because they see the price drift upward (which will happen because even current participants haven't quite factored in the supply shock enough). FOMO ensues, etc, you've all seen it before. It's coming again.
Peak of bull run will be delayed about the same from the halving as last time (took ~18 months in 2017 - May2020+18months = Nov2021). Peak price somewhere between 100k and 300k (the longer it takes to peak, the higher it will be, so 300k probably wouldn't happen unless it's still going up into 2022). If any surprises happen, it'll be in the positive direction. Just like last time.
the halving IS a change in the inflation, or rate of supply. it is known beforehand, but it still goes from 1800 new coins a day to 900.
if price is stable with 1800 new coins entering the market per day, it means $17M of new demand per day. when the halving happens, if demand remains constant, price should increase because that $17M is now going after 900 instead of 1800 coins.
This is the point though. The price is not stable, cannot be stable, and should not be stable. The only reason the distribution rate matters is that it has been defined in such a way that many people found desirable from the get-go.
The trajectory of the price from this point through the halving does not matter for the long-term equilibrium price. Say we go through the halving and get a big price rise. Great. Now what? What determines the price from THAT point forward? You guessed it, it's once again only thing that impacts the price going from ANY point forward: the market's demand for bitcoin.
This is not really true.
When you talk about whether something is "priced in" to a normal market, you're basically asking whether the market price is completely expressing the available information about that thing. In this case, as you say, this really isn't a sensible question here -- everyone has known when the halving will be since 2010.
However, price is still, in a pedestrian everyday sense, dictated by supply and demand. Every day X new bitcoins are created and enter the market; to maintain a constant price, X new bitcoins worth of holding demand must be introduced as well. (This could be the miners themselves hodling, or selling to hodlers.) The rate of new demand, as compared to the rate of new supply, determines the market price.
Rate of new demand changes in mercurial and unpredictable ways, but it has no strong reason to suddenly drop in half right at the moment of the halving. Thus, assuming only that rate of new demand is uncorrelated with the halving, the drop in new supply must (over time, on net) increase the price. This is all independent of whether it's "priced in" or not (obviously it is), it's just the fundamental dynamics of the market.
This dump made me feel sad, like it was over.
No analysis, just feels
Same, seeing red candles triggers bear market PTSD in me.
Almost as if that’s the point lel
You are not alone. Woke up, refreshed apps, followed by a fresh new day hatred (and sadness) at the crypto market, then continued with my daily stuff.
It was an absolute shocker. But that's the way she goes. The market is too complex for a straight line upward. ETH and BTC are still only ~10% removed from their local high, so don't let the short term swings get to you.
Yeah, it's only the people who have a lot of alts that feel it. They have to remember why they got into alts mainly. It outperforms BTC in an alt season but the opposite has to ring true too.
Don't stress. If it dumps it lines us up for a big inverse head and shoulders
I am going to just open up a spot buy here to see where this takes me.
I honestly believe that spot trading is overlooked and is a great strategy when it’s too risky for leverage.
E. If we dip more then I am going to empty the rest of my trading stack on spot buys and let it ride. Save the stress of running leverage longs.
Spot trading is all I do because I like sleeping at night.
Yeah, watching this PA makes me want to never run leverage again. I am thankful that I was out of position and had a rather strong feeling we would see a chop. That one was wicked.
Imagine the longs that fomo’d in on the rise to 10250. This is the most recent trading risk that I have been observing.
I admit that I was very tempted to fomo long in that last run after we crossed 10.1
I used to FOMO like an asshole all the time and get chopped to pieces. My rule now if I sense a change in the market is to take a small position or exit a little of my position as an Anti-FOMO measure and set tight stops to protect it. Works wonderfully since I feel like I'm benefiting even if the market goes against me.
I didn't bother with this recent drop because the signs weren't there for me to feel comfortable about making the move, and having seen how many liquidations were involved, I feel fairly confident that price will recover in short order.
"spot trading" is not much difference than buying on margin as long as your liquidation price is far enough away. BTC is not likely to jump 30% in one day. Actually margin trading s less risky, because you only risk what is in your account if the price gets cut in half.
LMAO. There’s a fundamental difference in using low leverage vs. spot. When there is a slow bleed you are way more likely to sell at a loss before you reach your liq point. Otherwise, it’s less stressful to wait it out on a spot buy that’s If you’re like me who has a macro bullish outlook. I usually make higher funded margin trades when r/r is ideal. Slow bleeds kill low lev longs mentally and financially. Trust me.
Speak for yourself. Does not apply to me and others.
Again speak for yourself. Other traders are more logical and rational.
https://imgur.com/a/42jYpvL
Could be reasonably 8k by halvening, could be reasonably testing 20k by halvening
Something in the middle seems most likely to me
Halving price booms have historically happened about 6-12 months after halvings
That said I am optomistic
Delicious uncertainty
(8+20)/2=14. Math checks out
Ok, here's the thing. The first pre-halving pump caused a rally that peaked at about 128% from where it started ($7-$16, June-August 2012), the next one caused a rally of 69% nice ($460-$778, May-June 2016). It's undisputed that there has been a pre-halving pump, yes? I see it rallied the price 40%, from $7500 to $10500, starting January and having its latest peak in February.
Now... Will it continue the "trend" of each pre-halving rally being less extreme than the last?
Personally, I think we peak at around $11400 and will be on our way downwards (probably $9200) on halving day itself.
Descending broadening wedge is on the menu now.
http://thepatternsite.com/dbw.html
Confirmation pushes us through 10,5
Bullish divergence from OBV and increasing volume make this another BTFD moment.
Agree.
But need first to get done wit the Nervous Nellies.
Matter of time.
15 days ago we were at same level....
+/- 24 days we were at 8300$.

Reading all down the world is ending. "Funny".
Man that site takes me back to the lycos and geocities days
Thanks for posting. Im trying to work this out and having trouble following the write up.
In this case A is 10.5, B is the previous low 9.5 (b/c this low doesnt touch the bottom trend line??) making it a 1000 difference and then multiply by 83% and subtract that from the low of 9.5 (9500-830 = 8670) and that is the target price??? According to the measure rule.
That doesnt line up with the image in the sample section so Im doing something wrong here.
Can you help or is it a typo in the rule?
EDIT: Oh Im an idiot - for upward use A as the target (and it says it breaks up most of the time), I was following the measure rule for downward.
Look at the Golden crosses we had before, almost always a dump before the pump
Yep. Ready to complete this traB up to 10500+.
Looking forward to 11k when I wake up. Tata.
I hope you wake up with this good news my friend!
Bitcoin is so bipolar these days I love it Its like that hot psycho coke-head chick you fuck with who's ultimately toxic but just so much fun you can't stay away.
No? Just me? K. Anyways Scalp city, boys.
Personally, I hope to hook up with a hot psycho coke-head chick that's possessive and non-stabby so long as she's convinced I only have eyes for her.
...
I got issues.
I still miss my last one sometimes, but could never convince her for more then 12-14 days that things were going to be just fine. Then I get texts from friends who show me pictures of insane texts they’ve just received from the borderlines in their lives and I remember and am thankful she is gone.
Easy to lose money trading this chop.
Only if you're a nervous pig.
Or greedy pig
If this this breaks down the whole crypto space is fucked and crypto was a pipe dream:
If this thing breaks up crypto is the new world order and we become all rich:
https://i.imgur.com/kXnVGWn.png
Black or White, make or break!
Sounds like the next few hours for bitcoin are critical
Same chart different day...
Preferred 50 Shades Of Grey meself...
Dude, you need to zoom out and see the larger picture /s
On a more serious note, interesting times certainly, (not?) looking forward to next half a year.
Making triangles as big as possible is the new trend?
I've successfully shorted 10250 and I'm here to tell you, the process of getting that short in the money was the stuff of nightmares. I was stopped out at a big loss a few times over the last few days before getting that one good entry and I was certain I was gonna loose money, again, until the moment we dropped below 10k. I really felt like I was being hunted when after dropping to 10170 the price rebounded back to 10220 with what appeared like enough bravado for another run at 10300.
I'm also absolutely pissed at myself for getting out at an average price of 9700, when 9500 was there for me to market close at, but hey, profit is profit, I guess.
Leverage?
My positions where ~50x leverage with even tighter stops.
No wonder you're refering to "the stuff of nightmares".
You my man, are a gambler ;-)
No question about that. But it did pay off, out of several positions I made out with 4x what I lost in the process, and most importantly that was with me fomo shorting like a complete newbie, that I want to believe was because I hadn't been trading/gambling in a few months.
Certainly seems like a stf double bottom right there. Resume the uptrend now plz.
Corn go up now thanks.
Did i miss anything ? any crazy news apart from that enigma fiasco or is this market just doing what it does ??
Usual price action. Thing is so weak that i choose not to enter.
the one thing i struggle with trading the most is to protect onces capital at all times. too easy to be complacent, sit on gains (if entry is in the low thousands) - just ride everything out. but just a couple trades / exits at peaks would save me so much agony
In theory, yeah... if you time the top and bottom correctly, you could be incredibly rich. You can also accept that you can't do it and let it ride for a bit less profit...
Origin of "hodler"- https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=375643.0
wtf... what's with the locusts invasion today? did wsb and bch launch a trolling initiative and promise they'd be rewarded with nice charts?
I really feel like most people felt that once it dipped from 10.5 to 9.5K and stayed there as a correction for like 5-6 days (which everyone agreed was very healthy), everyone was as bullish as they can be when it proceeded to go back up to 10K. I suspect that this is when a lot of people opened up very risky longs thinking the following: 'well, it dipped below 10k and had a very healthy correction so with the halving coming up, I will sell at my target price of somewhere between 13 to 20K and reap all the benefits'.
That was the most sensible strategy and people probably started to calculate how rich they were going to be a month from now. Unfortunately, I don't think it is going to be easy from this point and forward. The 6.9K to 10.5K as the easy part and now, I suspect that all the intuitions will be thrown out the window.
Not even close to "everyone". Many thought that bounce back up was technically absurd and a further drop was more likely than a further rise.
Sounds like a fantasy more than a sensible strategy. Trade the market, not your fantasies.
Just remember that Bitcoin can go up just as fast as it can go down. I'm holding my breath for the 1K BGD.
yep, something is building
Is it sizeable?
At least two inches
That's like half my....
Phone screen
I’m feeling a break up to reward the strong hands and take out shorts after destroying longs
After 2+ years of this market, would you say there are really all that many weak hands left?
We all, who are still around, have very muscular and handsome hands.
with the amount of masturbation i've been doing, no
A new sucker is born every minute.
I always tell the people that I introduce to Bitcoin to never try trading it unless they're prepared to lose at least 50% of their investment while "learning" how to trade it.
Most people say "Don't invest what you can't afford to lose". This is decent advice, but it gives the implication that while you might lose everything, you probably won't lose much. The reaction is like "Yeah, yeah I know, I could lose it all.. but realistically I think it's going to go very well"
Instead I tell people "Look, don't buy any bitcoin unless you feel compelled to light that entire investment on fire. If you buy $5000 of bitcoin today, tomorrow you will have $5000 less, period. End of story. You spent it and that money is gone forever. The moment you buy, the monetary value of your investment is $0. Even if the price goes up 10% tomorrow, you are still down 100% on your investment. No exceptions. The money is G-O-N-E. Never to be seen again. The only thing you've gained is the knowledge that you're now supporting something you, for whatever reason, believe in."
This accomplishes two things. One, it deters many people from buying at all. Most people don't have much extra cash and certainly don't want to toss whatever they have into a dumpster. This is a good thing, because risky investments are not suited for most peoples' situations. Secondly, for those who DO buy, it helps create a much better starting point towards being insulated for the fluctuation they are almost certainly unprepared for. If you mentally lose the entire value of your investment the moment you enter, then guess what? You have nothing left to lose!
It's similar to people who go to the casino with an amount of cash equivalent to the amount they'd spend on a nice date or night a the club/bar. You bring your $50-100 and plan to lose it in exchange for some risks and thrills. It's just buying an experience. If you do end up walking home with anything, then wow! What a nice treat. No expectations leads to, at worst, a neutral but satisfying experience.
A lot of strong hands actually can become somewhat weak over time. If you've been around a while, you got used to much lower prices in your "formative bitcoin days". As the price rises, you get increasingly uncomfortable with what feels overpriced. Not to mention that while surviving entire bear cycles gives you some level of fortitude, it also can make you skittish and much more ready to anticipate the next drop. After all, fear is a much more visceral emotion than greed.
Add to that the steady supply of new participants who are much less weathered and have shorter timeframes. The net result is yeah, there are lots of weak hands around today.
You are essentially describing death spiral through the lens of market sentiment, would you say this is what you are refering to?
Not in the slightest. I am describing the way the market has evolved and matured over time. This has been going on repeatedly throughout the past 10 years. Do you see a bunch of death spirals?
Might be a day or two, but it's coming.
Too soon. Bulls are shell shocked.
Let’s see if we can get to 10k now, doesn’t look like there’s anything in the way
I really gotta start setting up some buys to try to catch these God damn spikes down that get bought up
Edit:Just to clarify, I'm still buying them but it'd be cool to get that extra little bit. 9500 vs 9200 sort of thing.
Good strategy...until black swan event when it goes down and hits your buy and then keeps going down...and down..and down.
I can safely say... Wouldn't be the first time haha
Then you have no play money left to shop in goblin town!
Divergence on the 4h,any opinions?
looks like sloppy was correct 10180ish didnt hold; turned resistance and the big retrace came. should have could have listened :)
Looking at the trading behaviour I feel so out of the loop. I understood the weird behaviour we had at super low liquidity. But right now, how do you explain those crazy wicks? Volume isn't really that low to allow for crazy stop loss hunting or am I wrong?
It's almost like TA, memelines, and the 'experts' don't really have a fucking clue what they're talking about.
Who knew!
Almost...
This is one of the biggest gold/BTCUSD spreads I've ever seen, with gold up bigly and BTC getting hammered. On the macro front, we're seeing an increase in chaos trends: we have Sanders- the chaos candidate- firmly in the lead in the American Democratic primary and massive public health concerns. Under the "chaos proxy" thesis, BTC price action should be trending upwards. I'm not saying BTC will go up. But, if it doesn't go up, you really have to question what drives the price action.
Grandpa is trudging downstairs to take a break right after a marathon. Consider more than 1 factor in your analysis. Gold was consolidating for a while.
Honestly, you think Americans are going to elect a 79 year old Socialist who had a heart attack last year? Yes the Democrats are really in a pickle, but that’s about it. Personally, I think Trump will win again.
While I don’t totally disagree with you, zoom out. Bitcoin is up! And I believe the factors you listed do play a big part. We also have the halving coming up. Btc can’t just keep going up without correcting. This retracement is healthy and we will be on the rise again soon. This is just noise and a few months from now this dip will look like a tiny blip on the chart.
my aunt died and left me 700k. just got it deposited in my account today. putting it all in to BTC (i’m already financially secure and this is long term). my question is should i do a market order with a stop?
sorry to hear about your non existent aunt.
haha, well said.
YOLO 100x short or long.
Or you could be smart and buy some 5-10% dividend yielding stocks and make 35K+ a year in a conservative investment.
Best answer to this attention seeking question. I upvote the hell out of this.
Holy baby Jesus sweet lord almighty. That’d be about the best YOLO chuck a person could ask for. $700k@100x makes my dick hard. Imagine the bot wars lmfao.
What would a $70M market order do to this market? Hmm ?
I hope it’s long, but a short would feed my position well.
Exchanges will pull an XRP and tank the crypto price by 50% for a few seconds before bringing it back up. I couldn't do a leveraged position even if I tried.
Found the WSB guy
My condolences.
Given the situation, maybe it would be good to not rush things, step away for a month and then reevaluate, if this is really what you want to do.
Otherwise, you have a few options, depending on FOMO and your risk appetite:
Given the order size, you may consider Kraken's OTC desk. Verification and onboarding is very fast.
If you're already financially-secure, why aren't you YOLO'ing into OTM $TSLA calls?
Dafuq is this shit. /r/personalfinance is over there.
Buying $TSLA calls can't go tits up, so not really yoloing.
OTC. They can usually get you a better spot on volume and if it works out you’ll have a white glove agent for any needs. Never know how soon you may 10x that and need some help unloading vol at max price.
What is the consensus here (if one can ever be achieved...)? Are we buying at this level or waiting for a couple of days to confirm the direction? Tia
Buy the dip and every dip. Anything under 50k is a steal if you plan to still be around in 3 years.
Lol, only the God can say if anyone of us will be around in 3 years.
You get it
There's never any consensus here. And it's a good thing...
I’d be buying now for 10ks
9400USD lowest it'll go, buy safe zone safety net 9500-9600, moon after 9990
This, I added to my stack earlier today at 9600.
Buying the dip has worked well over the last 2-3 months.
Until it doesn't of course, but I'm well in profit as we speak.
Yeah this is easy profit dip. Lowest it went was like 9520 in this dip, any lower and it'll hover 9400s, but could spike up so not taking chances.
Currently 9600, kys downvotes
Im waiting. I got out of my stupid euphoria long safely b/c I had a stop at about break even (minor loss but it was really a rounding error on the previous gain). All my indicators gave me warning this was possible but I just stepped away, stop was triggered and now Im watching. Nothing is telling me to buy yet so I'll wait it out.
Still not interested in shorting yet but there is definitely a possibility of more down side.
I've been burnt too in the past. Out of around 100k (stocks not Bitcoin) as a result of the "to the moon" approach. Trying to be a bit more careful this time.
I believe the consensus is that the price is currently at 9600. Isn't that how markets work?
I was asking for the eternal wisdom of this sub... It might be shocking to some, but I can definitely see what the current price is.
BTFD
I already did that :-) considering to buy more....
I've been stating for about five days now that it seems that the halving rally is coming to an end earlier this year than it has in previous years. It's sort of funny that people downvoted the comments and criticized me for being "bearish" then. Now that the crash has probably started, there are comments coming into my previous posts claiming that what I said doesn't matter because I'm a "permanent bear." Apparently, the standard here shifts from whether you were actually right to "of course you were right because you have a larger proportion of bearish comments than most people."
The reason I have a lot of bearish comments is because this is a bear market. Of course I'll post a lot of bearish comments when the market has been in a downtrend for eight months. Smart people around here will not judge posters by the proportion of their comments that are bullish or bearish. I still don't believe the story that the bear market is over. It won't be over until prices rise above $10,800.
----------
On to something more relevant. I can't speak for other miners, but I know that I changed my strategy a few days ago, when I first posted about a top possibly being in, to sell everything the minute it is mined. I understand there is still a possibility that the pre-halving rise is not over, but I'm not willing to risk an employee's job over it.
The reason I mention this is that I suspect that most of the volume at exchanges is just people playing games with each other. Even though there are orders that seem large, these traders are buying and selling the same coins over and over. There's "fake volume" made up by exchanges, "wash trades" between the same person, and daytrading by speculators. I offer that all of these are probably 99% of the trades.
My belief is that there are actually a very small number of people who actually send the dollars to their bank accounts and don't re-buy. People who do make an outsized impact on the market. Their sales trigger huge margin calls on people who are just selling and buying over and over again. You don't need to sell thousands of bitcoins to trigger a crash, only slightly increase the number of blocks sold until the first margin calls start to cascade.
This is probably why there was an article at Coindesk yesterday claiming that BCH was going to retest $500 based on TA, and I knew immediately that it was wrong. Yesterday's event, at least for BCH, was caused by people like me, who changed their behavior (at least for a few months). I watched the trader sell a block at Bittrex, and the price would fall $2 and then small buy orders would quickly appear, and then it would fall again for the next block, but those large buy orders always kept moving down and would never get filled. (Today, Coindesk posted another article that seemed surprised at the price action.)
I think the bottom line is that the fundamentals have changed for the time being. If they're like me, miners switched from "accumulate" to "immediate sale," and I think that's the default action until the SHA-256 coins halve and relieve that pressure, starting an uptrend and prompting miners to rethink their actions.
Thanks for your input. I got to ask though, if you objectively reflect on yourself, how much would you estimate your outlook is different/biased compared to if you were not running a business and would be retail participant instead?
Do you think you would have more/less/same outlook, strategy etc? Thanks!
Thanks for your post. I respect an honest assessment from you, wether I agree or disagree.
Reasons you get downvoted:
Furthermore, if you are so certain the price is going down, sell the equivalent amount of BTC or shitcoins that you expect to mine over the next couple months or whatever on futures. Lock in today's price. That's even better than "immediate sale".
Interesting.
A posted a similar thought late last year, but expected the miners to hoard for longer before the selling starts to have a bigger hoard when the halving comes.
Nice to see it confirmed by an actual miner.
Another touch of the 4 hour 200MA? Bears trying to take this to pound town?
I love these little dips. Great opportunity to keep adding chips to my stack.
26 OCT - 7 NOV 2019 was a case where $9500 USD was a resistance that could not be broken (and coincidentally was also the last time $10500 USD was hit). This time around, we are essentially in the same boat (albeit inverse) where $9500 USD is trying to hold the line (granted, it took 12 days of fighting last time, and now only at 3). This is one of those interesting calls where one has to guess if it will hold or not. I, personally, still have buy order at $8422 USD as (just going off history here) since I think it will hit my price point. Those of you who take a chance at $9500 USD holding and we revisit above (I would say $10200 USD to be the height of it), could get a decent scalp out of this.
For anyone who says, 'DCA' or 'HOLD' ... why even be in a trading sub?
DCA or HODL is a trading strategy, simply on a long term scale.
We don’t all have to be degenerate scalpers, we can be swing traders too.
