Within the first few paragraphs it mentions it is a venture fund, not a fund to buy crypto directly. It's bullish for the ecosystem but it is not going to push up the market price of BTC in the short term (directly).
Some who? The pension fund referenced in your post and the article is buying into a $40 million venture fund. The fact that "some" will buy crypto directly is speculation.
Nope not saying short term anything. The fact pension funds are interested at all, from a macro perspective, is super exciting bc pension funds represent like 10T (with a T) in the US. Thought this would happen way sooner tbh
Pension funds might be the strongest hodlers, great news!
This is huge!
I think btc will be different things according to the country/ Gov, etc. In the US, I think it will become a super asset for the mega wealthy, one catalyst being pension fund money(some 10T market cap in the US) working its way along with any money being stored by US companies in tax havens internationally. All that will flow to btc within 5 years
I'm sure I'll get some emotional responses from this comment but unless we see prices below $3100 (which is less likely by each passing day) the bear market is over. I'm excited to see the slow gradual accent until we are over the $4ks and $6ks points of resistance. Most won't call the end of the bear market until we are over $8ks.
I like your enthusiasm and positivity, but this bear market has made me quite realistic/pessimistic about any short term bullish sentiment.
I'm speaking from experience and have been in Bitcoin since 2011. The market is now reacting in the same fashion as the other price consolidation periods I've held through. I appreciate your realistic/pessimistic view as it's safe and healthy for your mental health. I shared these views at the end of the other markets cycles and like most others didn't reslize the end was over until the market crept up 100% from the bottom. Even then, after the moment of relief, I was concerned the market could turn and make me a fool. It could again but I'm just another regular Joe that says the bottom is in.
Fellow 2011-er here, agree that the worst is over.
Fair enough, and i am well aware that from market psychology perspective, from objective point of view, that is exactly the way i am supposed to feel.
The question is however if i represent average member of community, or less/more patient than average.
If i had to guess, i would say i am quite average in terms of patience. If i am average though, i am afraid we have high chance that there is one more leg down to 2-3k area, because honestly, deep down i still have slight hope that things might recover, that feeling unfortunately needs to go.
I have no idea anymore really, this bear market has certainly taken its toll on me.
Thank you for your reply.
In terms of alts valuation, although i agree on that matter to a degree, i wanted to point out that order books for those <30 in MC are very thin and crypto already has notoriously high fiat : market cap value. It was significantly higher in bull market euphoria phase, but it is still very high due to difficulty in estimating the fair intrinsic value.
Just as a random example, if 100M MC valuation project had someone who would like to liquidate 10M to USD, i am quite hesitant there would even be such liquidity and price would just drop to almost nothing. So although seemingly still high, it is highly deceptive.
Daily volume and fiat liquidity are very different.
Also, fiat : MC valuation is probably significantly different compared to if we choose top 10, top 20 or 50-100 MC project. It is also safe to guess, that as we get lower in the MC chart, the fiat : MC increases and certainly not linearly...
I am just mostly guessing here, but EOS for example, at 2.4B valuation, if someone who held lets say 40% (percent doesent really matter here) of circulating supply and wanted to extract 100M USD, even for top 5 project, i would think it is safe to assume that extracting seemingly 4,2% of MC valuation would drop the MC at least 25%.
EDIT: to add to that, as a thought experiment, make that 300M USD extracted from EOS for example. What is your best guess as to where the MC would plummet? I am thinking 50% ($1.2B) minimum. So USD:MC that would be 1 : 4 and i think i am too optimistic honestly.
I disagree on the no toxicity. This sub has become toxic as hell. People bitching on each other's TA all day long. Calling them out for standpoints that do not match their own.
since 2011 damn. thats epic. appreciate you sharing and makes sense that we should all feel like shit until its much higher and not believe it if it rises
Yep. And you see that in the classic 'Wall Street Market Cycle' image that floats around this sub very often - "This is a sucker's rally" is the predecessor to the actual reversal to the next bull market.
I suspect that much of the content of this forum is simply desperate people making desperate attempts to move the market in favor of their position. I think it's healthy to be relatively skeptical of the extreme "bulls vs bears" narrative. But in all seriousness, that 'Wall Street Market Cycle' overview image really does encapsulate the 2013-2015 Bitcoin cycle so well.
It's really a this is a sucker's rally time. Problem is: they were mostly right last year. Who knows if that's the case this time?
Let's see how that latest green candle formation fares. In a strongly bearish environment, I would expect it to be taken down in no time. So far, this has not happened, which might be an indication of bearish exhaustion. But this is my personal hopium, my gut feeling suggests a powerful red candle must be expected at any moment.
What green candle formation?
Sorry for my lack of precision, I meant the mini-formation that developed on February 8 (I keep comparing it to the green candle that we saw emerge on January, 6, and which swiftly succumbed to considerable selling pressure four days later).
Hello, everyone. This week's CryptoClassifiedIndex is out.
There's a download link to the full data set in this week's post.
/r/CryptoClassifiedIndex
The Total Index is down 2.5% for the week to 19,068, and down 4.2% month over month.
The Auto Index is down 2.6% for the week to 4618, and down 4.5% month over month.
Auto Adoption is 1.07%, level from 1.07% last week. The highest rate was 1.7% in Philly, and the lowest was 0.6% in Dallas.
Currently the index tracks classified ad postings that accept crypto as payment for goods and services. These ads are sourced from a major classified ad publisher and the markets include the twelve largest US metropolitan areas. I plan to release weekly information. The anchor days will be Sunday with a publishing date of either Sunday or Monday.
Thanks for the update!
You're welcome! :)
About 193,000 BTC on Bitmex in open positions across all their pairings.
People have taken their positions. Whales you have the green light to rekt everyone with a 40% move.
oh just a 40% move nbd.
Feb 5, 2018 had a 37% move in 1 day.
yeah? Different times man. This market runs outta gas after 4% and 10% on a pheneomnal day
Playing devils advocate here, but why are people so bullish? Isn’t the lack of follow through on the pump telling you there’s not much behind it? Bullflag or not. It also looks similar to the early January pump.
I think people just love Bitcoin and believe the worst is over. We've had some exciting news and developments lately, we dropped about the same percentage in a comparable amount of time as in the previous bear market, we entered a new year which is psychologically a fresh start. It just seems reasonable that the time has come to go sideways with perhaps the first signs of a slight uptrend.
Not to mention through this whole drop over the last year, it's been almost nothing but good news.
Perhaps for Bitcoin and XRP, but for smart contract plattforms, especially Ethereum, 2018 was one bad news after another (scaling postponement, POS postponement, SEC going ballistic on ICO's, ICO's cashing out everything, new, relatively successful competitors, etc.).
The failure to produce any significant downwards momentum after the rejection at 4.1 is a reason. In regards to i a lack of follow through it's a zoom out situation.
The immediate thought is probably that the trend is down, but price isn't the only thing which trends. Momentum trends and change in momentum leads change in price.
While that's somewhat of a bullish argument , it's more intended as an explanation as for why people might be bullish. Whether or not that logic is being used, or people are trusting some form of intuition is irrelevant within the context of answering your question.
Of course I don't actually know what people are thinking, and I'm not saying they are right or wrong. I could've said the same thing at 6k.
1) Google searches for Bitcoin are back down to Feb 2014 and March/April 2017 levels.
2) Number of active users on /r/bitcoin still spiking a bit and higher compared to other crypto subs.
3) /r/btc still has the highest sentiment-bitcoinPrice correlation at .55 (which is to say: a weak correlation, and all other subs are weaker).
4) Sentiment levels in the various crypto subs have settled to their averages after the big spike last week, with sentiment in /r/litecoin on the way up.
data sourced from http://distributed.love
make sense given the sub is filled with nonsense by paid socks like /u/ egon_1
Don't attract them here. We're still trying to clean up after all that.
― Garry Kasparov
But the coin which has 95% utilized space has no fees for transferring it so it's better!
Emptiest blocks in the business! I guarantee it!
It's not nyancoin. It has at least 4 users.
lol... wow. I had Nyancoin in my memecoin “portfolio” wayyyy back when haha. Glad we’ve moved away from that nonsense!
I find it very interesting that sentiment for Litcoin was very high BEFORE the massive pump.
Good eye! This is one of the reasons I started this project.
This the top Bitcoin chart of 2018/2019/2020:
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/hofK1IYX-Eviler-long-term-chart/
This guy called the bottom before other people even realised the bubble.. if you have better one please dont hesitate to share :)
There were a handful of others calling the top and then forecasting similar charts shortly after price made a decisive drop below 100MA daily. It was difficult to take on a $3k projection after a year's long sprint to the top... very much in the same way that many right now can't imagine another bull run after so many months of relentless selling. So it goes.
One of my favorite charters has the rhythm down.
Here's another good long term chart
And yet another that's forecasted macro movements quite well.
I found a crazy lookin chart awhile back while searching to see if there were any fib arc charts. Crazy meaning it looks ridiculous hah, not just a smooth log trend.
Chart was posted Feb 2018 when price was ~10k. They charted drop to 3.15k w/ correct time frame. Some of their lines are off, but still absolutely impressive considering when it was posted. The bounce off 3k looks far too optimistic, but still found it interesting:
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/uY0LXJSs-The-very-BIG-picture/
Excellent call given when it was made and what was the price. It takes solid TA and some balls to make a call of 3k when everyone thinks 10k is strong support. So the first part of the chart is pretty much correct and we have seen the bottom. If 2nd part is to prove correct then we should be close to 500K by the end of 2020 which seems........
A bit short if you ask me
this is just amazing!
My heart is saying yes, but my mind. My mind! Is saying No Nono noo.
I’m putting my heart in this :)
Edit: on a serious note: Aren’t you afraid that these charts are to optimistic? I’m definitely not saying no to high returns, but if people have these expectations and they aren’t met wouldn’t be bad for market sentiment?
Simply an observation and don’t want to piss on anyone’s fireworks but reading a lot of these comments I think people are getting a bit carried away with a small move up.
I don’t claim to know what’s next but I’m personally not seeing anything that convincing. Let’s hope I’m wrong
Some of the euphoria may also be due to the fact that we haven't seen a major move down since January 10. This is contributing to the impression that the bears might be (temporarily) exhausted at current price levels. I guess the bears cannot be faulted for not trying hard, however, unlike in November and December, after an initial drop in price, panic does not seem to set in immediately these days. We appear to be seeing some modest but increasingly stubborn resilience to the constant selling noise in the background. The other major factor that has been mentioned numerous times is the rise in LTC's price and this coin's approaching halving in August 2019.
Found an interesting chart from an other emerging industy in the past. Biotech bubbled 2001/2002 and formed a comparable market behaviour to Bitcoin:
https://i.imgur.com/aH1gAOJ.png
I wonder how many people in '03 were charting a big bear flag that was sure to break down even further.
4 more years flat? I can't handle that and I think no one will handle that.
After a 75% drop (Biotech) and a 85% drop (Bitcoin) the asset is tarnished, it needs time untill a strong bullish move can happen. Crypto is a faster market than the old markets, so might not need 4 years.
When you look at what more mainstream investment outlets are currently saying about Bitcoin, in my opinion they are much more aware that Bitcoin's parabolic rises and falls are perfectly normal for Bitcoin.
I'm not sure the greater landscape actually thinks that 'Bitcoin the asset' is tarnished. You have a lot of mainstream outlets already saying that the next bull run 'is right around the corner.'
It was not like that in 2015 at all. Bitcoin "was dying" in 2015 when the chart looks like it does today.
24/7 online markets that can also take place in back alley ways speed it up.
many of us will handle it just fine... now is the time to accumulate. The longer it stays flat the more you can accumulate.
I have accumulated way too much the last six years. Ready for the rocket to take off
You're not thinking in crypto time. ;) The bubble bust alone was three years here. Crypto's has been less than half that for the same pattern.
The flat is also 10 years in that chart. Not 4.
I know the LTC sparking the next Bitcoin bull run has become a bit of meme lately, but I think it's worth noting that LTC is right on the verge of crossing above the 200 day moving average.
Back in 2015, LTC crossing above and over the 200 day moving average (and the halving event) came right before the start of the last Bitcoin bull run.
I wouldn't go so far as to say it's right on the verge of crossing the 200D MA...but if we do break above this resistance....fireworks will ensue.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/EIWdY36g/
I think it's also worth noting that these moving averages have been the most respected technical analysis indicators in my opinion. I don't think it's any coincidence bulls defended the weekly 200MA, which is unarguably the strongest support in any markets. Therefore, I'm strongly inclined to believe that if we do break above the LTC resistance I pointed out, it may trigger a serious run we have not seen before in our bear market.
Conspiracy time.
Russia considers 'unplugging' from internet
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-47198426
So apparently Russia has a “Digital Economy” law now which is aimed to ensure that Russia can still operate online in case of world powers trying to isolate it.
To me Bitcoin fits perfectly into its independent digital economy. There had been talks/theories discussing that Russia is considering cryptocurrency as a mean to evade sanctions.
If we start mooning again without any apparent reason we know who is buying.
End of Conspiracy.
I can't tell if the memes in here are satirical anymore.
I've never been able to
Poe's Law
Come on man. How in the world would a country that willing censors its citizens adopt Bitcoin? It isn't the best crypto suited to do so anyway.
Right? They should go all in on Doge. It has more coins.
The government adopts it independently of the population.
Which multiverse am I in at the moment
The memeverse.
How will bitcoin work without any internet? It would be a disaster as the Russian chain would get out of sync with the rest of the world. Not to mention even if you ignore that the hashrate would collapse so dramatically you wouldn't be able to mine any blocks until the next difficulty adjustment. This is just plain stupid.
There only has to be one person in Russia picking up the signal of the Blockstream satellite to sync all other Russian nodes with the rest of the world. Miners in Russia however will have a harder problem, they have to actively broadcast their blocks out of Russia.
this is exactly why small layer 1 blocks are better. you need to be able to smuggle them in and out of oppressive regimes.
This assumes i.e. that thre would be ZERO gateways, which is extremely unlikely, you know.
One "approoved" gateway with a dozen nodes inside russia and there you go.
If anything this would be bearish as could mean multiple chains and issues with syncing, right?
Yeah but it's one way, Russians on the bad side wouldn't be able to transact and any russian miners may mine a valid block and they'd be able to broadcast it to their their peers, but the rest of the network will be faster create a 2 block chain invalidating any russian contender blocks.
It will be interesting to see what effect this has on global hashrate however and we could see our side produce blocks a little more slowly depending on the percentage of the total pool russia has.
https://www.coindesk.com/square-bitcoin-jack-dorsey-lightning-cash-app
Been out for a long time. Want to start dipping my toes in again but I have 0 confidence and experience so gonna start paper trading first.
If anyone here is good with S/R flips I'd appreciate feedback.
Macro thoughts: https://www.tradingview.com/x/pVkqW3M4/
Within support zone on weekly, R then S and now held as S again and made a higher low within the zone.
On the daily you can see that 3660 has acted like pivot with a daily bear block just below. Correct me if im wrong, ive been awful at recognising blocks correctly.
this is what im looking at on the daily: https://www.tradingview.com/x/At0CvZ8Q/
hoping blue holds as support again. Im like 6 weeks behind on my DCA (still well below my avg price sad face) so i think im gonna catch up with 50% of it.
My counter market thoughts: https://www.tradingview.com/x/LB8aLfhw/
For those who unfamiliar, TUSDBTC is just inverse BTC. If BTC falls, ratio goes up and vice versa.
Seems to have bounced in an area where it found previous support after breaking it as resistance.
Question is, does it maintain the higher low and keep climbing (btc falls) or its a bear flag and it falls (btc rises).
only outlier i can think of compared to the rest of the market is LTC, BNB and the bittorent token but i dont really know what going on with that (Tron founder ICO for something thats free? i personally dont get it).
Please let us know what you think of my lines and zones and shit. really need to build it all up before i can really get into the nitty gritty of this.
If we actually break up from this bull flag, what would the reasonable target be?
$126,000 by end of 2021
"I should have bought more 3 years ago"
-Me, 3 years from now
This is my only worry right now. I can feel the regret for not buying more now coming already. I'm starting a new business though and have to put some money in that. While it should be a very profitable business, I'm not even sure the returns are going to exceed the crypto returns in a few years though.
Nothing wrong with diversifying. Things could go a different way.
I hear ya. I REALLY want to put more in, but I've already bought what I said I'd be comfortable losing, and with some "life stuff" on the horizon, I need to make sure I'm not totally cash poor.
!RemindMe 3 years
I, too, would like to be rich.
Wow that's totally reasonable if we break up from THIS triangle
The actual answer to his question, based on this chart, would be about $4700, top of the current box.
God I'm fucking pissed. Better go up
Drunk trading is the best trading
I believe we should at least temporary stop at symmetrical triangle resistance somewhere in between $3800 and $3900, depends how you draw it. You can see it on jahoooo chart below.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/vNmdGexf/
Breakout point + pole length AFAIK. So pole length of ~300$ + breakout above 3650ish = 3950 to 4000.
BTC following ALTS again and again. Something is changing.
Something has to drag its lazy ass out of bed.
Generally means a bull run is coming.
That's not what I'm talking about but yes the tides are turning. ETH 3d 5/10 EMA wants to cross for the first time since May 2018. When that happens it's going to move quick and if 1w crosses that x2 just multiplied a lot more.
That's how it was winter/spring/early summer 2017.
Long time no post, I know.

Still buying.
It's all about making that DCA.
Boyz in da hood paraphrase?
Gemini Dollar up to $1.14. I believe that means that we are pending a good market shift (up or down, not known). When this occurred in November, Bitcoin dropped. When this happened in December, Bitcoin pumped.
No, look at the actual prices and volumes. It's getting pumped on a single random shit exchange nobody has ever heard of "fatbtc" which supposedly does 3mil in GUSD/ETH volume.
Fatbtc is mentioned here-
https://www.coindesk.com/winklevoss-crypto-gemini-gusd-stablecoin-redemption
But look at the correlation between these occurrences and the market: November 14th, 2018 and December 17th, 2018. That is not a coincidence.
The correlation is slightly interesting. But looking at the November 14th pump for instance and comparing actual times, I see that Bitcoin moved a couple hours before, and GUSD pumped after. So that's far less interesting
Why would it every swing that high. Makes no sense for a usd coin to vary by 15%
I know, it makes me feel very uneasy. It makes ZERO sense. That's when I looked to see if had happened before. It had, both in November and December corresponding with huge market movements.
Anyone believe in hyperwave theory?
If you do, you believe bitcoin is going sub 2K. I'd say it's a minority here that believe it.
The halving is just over a year away and will create significant buy pressure. I think he's become overconfident and his vision has become clouded with his nifty theory that applied to stocks in the 70s. He will unfortunately not buy in at the levels he wants and miss the bottom completely. Once we cruise past 10k probably later this year, he will need to reassess and possibly FOMO in to prevent missing the train.
Don't you mean less selling pressure? Buying pressure will eventually follow because of the rising price.
People anticipate the rise so it also creates buying pressure in advance.
The timing of the start of the bear market was perfect, it made sure the market has enough time to find a supply/demand equilibrium without hype before the halvening is starting to be priced in. Then, knowing supply/demand is stable with X inflation simply by passage of time (extended period of sideways price action), it becomes a no-brainer that the price will rise with X/2 inflation.
Or at least it's a no-brainer for people who see Bitcoin is definitely not a fad and is here to stay. That's still a small minority in general.
it's hard to call it a "theory" because it would need to have some kind of science in it...
While I like the guy, AFAIK this is all there is to it as far as I can tell!
But if we give it a fancy name like "Hyperwave Theory" it sounds much more technical ...
OK, there are some specifics like the ratios between the waves, fine, but there's no theory.
It all boils down to "I observed this pattern many times before so I believe it will keep happening" - that's essentially all there is to it.
Everyone will forget about Tyler Jenks and his “hyperwave” theory when his promise of a $1000 bitcoin (“a 99.9% chance” were his words) will not realize.
I think previous hyperwaves happened when people didn't know what Hyperwave actually is which I think people acknowledging Hyperwve may cause Hyperwave to fail actually.
Another thing is that Bitcoin is reachable by almost anyone. It is much harder to buy stocks or other commodities worldwide so creating demand and another bull run is much easier with bitcoin compared to anything else in the world I think.
Third I don't know if Tyler Jenkins team ever have found hyperwave in any currency. Not forget bitcoin is used to buy stuff. People still buy advertisements on my website using bitcoin.
I do, i think its ignorant to dismisd such an old and proven theory
https://www.tradingview.com/x/ULplER4k/
Lets play a game of "bullflag or descending triangle"?
https://www.strawpoll.me/17418521
EDIT: fixed the chart
Bull flag that's likely to bart down
Looking at the charts since mid December, it looks like we're approaching a point (end of Feb - early March) where we most likely break down into the 2k-3k range just based on trading the symmetrical triangle.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/RvtQMGtn
hope not cause that would really really downsize my morale
that's what everyone said about $6k to $3k and there's still a lot of people here thinking it's very possible
If the small fish aren’t going to buy up the price, when they’re being given the chance to prove it right now, then the whales will have to. That means they’ll want higher “X” and bigger gains for their efforts. Which also means a quick visit much much lower to ensure they get the gains they want.
That's a good point. The small fish aren't interested in Bitcoin right now, so they're definitely not going to be responsible for bringing us out of this bear. The whales will be, and once they capture the attention of the fish again, they'll start piling back in, greedy for those returns like 2017, and get burned again in the coming years.
new sr flip level (bottom line). wont be bullish until bitcoin is above again
The price is going down, but at a snail's pace. Once again, 3500 is proving a rather tough nut to crack and holding up surprisingly well, in my eyes. It is now almost exactly one month since we saw the last major red candle (1d, Bitstamp). Another one seems overdue. Therefore, I continue to expect a bigger slide down at any moment, and some panic to set in as we continue to grind our way towards last year's low. Yet at the same time, I remain puzzled by the relative lack of strength shown by the bears so far.
Could it not simply be a lack of strong buyers... To me it is looking more and more like a breakdown of the bull flag.
I agree this is breaking down. Having that said, it will be interesting to watch how the decline actually unfolds, i.e. in a very brisk fashion like on January 10 or following a smoother, more gradual pattern. If a sharp drop is avoided, this may be a positive sign, but then this is of course, as always, pure guesswork.
The last roughly 300 bullflags where a pretty good indicator for an incoming move downwards. Im really curious to see whether or not this time is going to be different. Considering the price-range we are in right now , where a lot of longterm indicators are converging (NVT, 200 MA and MVRV) and pretty close to what many conceive to be the bottom, its going to be interesting to see what happens next. One encouraging thing would be that this flag looks entirely different from our last one (on the daily) on january 6 and onwards. That one looked droopy while this bullflag has established a pretty decent base. RSI is at the same level for both flags.
Its really hard to even make a guess. Since im a believer of this being our longterm bottom I really want to say we are going to stay here or move up a little further but on the other hand this seems to be too early after we have just consolidated here for a few weeks. And also... bearmarket...
Havent traded since forever but I'm going to watch this like a hawk for now.
Looks like finex is trying to drag everyone else up - the premium there is at 2.8% which is as high as it's been since the pole on this bull flag where it spiked over 3.5%, and they're leading in volume. Will be interesting to see if the premium there subsides anytime this year, and is so what sort of action precedes and postcedes it.
Relax... let's first start with : can we stay 24hours above 3700 ( finex) . Then we can look to the 4k.
or maybe you know break a resistance like the 50d ma
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/Zlawd4QN-BTC-50-D-still-the-wall-that-must-be-breached/
CPB, 4-Hour candles. The orange line is the 50-D. We we can get and stay above that line, I'll get a little more excited.
I really wanted this to be a legit bull flag...but it's looking more like a diamond top to me again (even though it's kind of skewed). Hope I'm wrong.
https://imgur.com/a/rXrudz5
Almost 5 days in this tight range.
No one wants to make the first move out of the accumulation range.
Does anyone know if "Barting" is a common market term or did it just arise recently because of Bitcoin's price action?
I am pretty sure it's a crypto thing, and not even a year old.
No it is unique to Crypto. Large Market orders are extremely inefficient which are the cause of most Barts. In traditional markets there is infrastructure and more liquidity to avoid market orders. Usually in traditional markets there are sell offs, but they are no where as steep as the barting seen in crypto.
Ah yes the old "Its not market manipulation it is just some low IQ multi millionaire buying a larger order over the course of 30 mins which drives up the price by 10% oops." Theory.
Seems to me the market and Bitcoin has been looking for an excuse to stabilize and move up ever so slowly lately. LTC (privacy and halvening), and Ethereum (Constantinople upgrade) has provided that fundament to a certain degree. We need more fuel though. Looking at you Putin! /S
Something feels different with this pump. I like to browse the cryptocurrency option for for-sale items on craigslist. I have noticed a significant uptick in people posting items accepting cryptocurrency. Like from below 10 a day before this latest pump to now over 20 a day.
This pump feels different because of classified ads? Just bizarre the hopium people cling to....
Never thought of it as any kind of hope I was just pointing something out I noticed you can take it as you will. When did you become so bitter btw? Was it the drop from 6? It seems like you have reached capitulation. Bullish. Now that I'll take for some hopium.
Just wait until the real Blue Wave comes in 2020 in the form of democratic socialism. The backlash from the Orange Wonderman will be severe and the pendulum that Trump couldn't swing right enough will go crashing left.
Take it from someone who has spent time in a DS country. BTC will thrive in an environment where you can't blow your nose without getting regulated and taxed.
Blue wave coming? You must watch a lot of CNN. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
lol havent watched news tv since 911 died down. g'head try me...
I should correct myself. It will be a yellow wave. From France.
This is a squeeze. Zoom out and look at the big picture, including ETH.
Daily stochastic and hidden bear divs definitely not in sync with this otherwise pretty bull flag: https://www.tradingview.com/x/RRaBbN7l/
Shoutout to the concenred/shocked RSI/Stoch monster.
I think it might be a little rich to label that hidden divergence on the rsi.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/8eEljrB4/
50D MA as over head @ 3630 and Daily Pivot Support at 3618. This is the worst market and history, yet I can't stop.
You can’t stop what?
Buying before we smash $6k
Can't stop trying to trade this manipulated POS market.
A great way to break the bank is making trades when there are none to be made. Wait for the opportunities to present themselves.
Triple top on the trendline starting from the first fall from 6k? What are y'alls thoughts about a Bart down from here?
Another day or 2 of consolidation then a juicy bart down
Duuude, you like to say hi?! I like to trade! It's good to see people who like things and don't just hate all day. ❤️ Hi!
!short XBTUSD 3575 5X 33%
Upped leverage on my long this morning to make room for a small short incase this goes south.
smart play, a hedge is always important because no one should marry their position.
Updating my long on the bot completely fucked it though, supposedly I have a PNL of 180% now lmao.
Anyone else have any idea for the Mempool spike yesterday? Recent spikes matching those bytes on 9/14, 11/20, and 2/11. I like to think someone is avg down BTC costs and mempool spikes were large chunks of BTC be moved off of exchanges. 9/12 - 9/14 BTC avg of 6300, 11/14-11/20 BTC Avg of 4500, 2/6 - 2/10 BTC AVG of 3450. Can even go back further - 7/14 Memspike and BTC Avg of 6350.
I think you are looking for market signal where there is none.
Not a signal for where it is going, but reaction to price movements. Specifically are large amounts of BTC being transferred to/from exchanges in wake of large BTC Price movements.
Were there corresponding spikes in total transaction values on those days too ? If that's the case then you could estimate how many coins were moved and the total amount spent.
2 hour BBANDS really tight.
4h too
Here is the level to short some, book me please $3,580. Though the real coin to short is ETH and LTC.
No one needs to book you, you can log a trade on the position bot.
http://www.anotherbot.info/
you are shorting eth before the Constantinople upgrade? good luck with that. You will loose your hard earned BTC man.
When traders start to fill this thread with recommendations of ETH and expounding on the magnitude of possible future gains I short into their buys.
Based on? You are literally shorting the lows of bull flag.
It may be too early to call this one and just wishful thinking on my part, but at present I am under the impression that while the bears are pushing as hard as they can, such dumps are being bought up pretty fast. In the recent past (Nov, Dec '18), the current dump would have likely resulted in a panic that would have led to the swift and complete collapse of this bull flag.
Lol no bud
